Today we have a little bit of everything Today we have
a little bit of everything We're going to
start with a topic so I really
want to discuss it with you. I already
discussed it about the lollipop I discussed it
separately but now I'd like to
discuss it with you about the Spanish television topic. It
would be worth making a long video.
Okay, but let's discuss it, I'm going to
discuss it with you the most
important parts because there's some meat there.
Remember that? We were watching what
was done on the street
over there with him. How strange, yeah, don't say
bad things. Okay, yeah, it's not a bad word, it's
a toy, damn,
my grandmother is watching it, grandmother, but it's
comfort. We, what
happens to us is that we need comfort
because we're sad a lot of times and we
need advice. Let
's go, comforter to the psychologist, it's a
comforter, you don't have to tell him that,
yes, but listen. Oh look, Pili. Thank you, I
still have hope. Yes, Pili,
we live on hope, daughter, luckily,
unfortunately, we
live on illusions. Pili, my dear Pili.
Even though I don't please you on WhatsApp,
keep sending me things because it
solves my problems because you send me all the
videos that and  I take from here I take from
there you know Do you
remember that a PP deputy was the one who
raised his hand in the
joint committee of the Market in this meeting that is
held with the deputies, no just for the sake of it, he
put his boots on Elena Sánchez and
Elena Sánchez turned a deaf ear
yes Well, look now it's a deputy, the one
from the PSOE, who transmits the
complaints of the workers also to
Elena Sánchez I put it on the screen okay
but also lady
who suffered prior to its broadcast
a campaign of boycotts and attacks on
social networks clearly directed by
the right and the far right well let's see
this This first part
is that it's from the PSOE, it has to have
launched it about that, no I mean I think she doesn't
have a [ __ ] clue they already use a mantra
as if by default it
's not like the 8m de
días TV program had a boycott
by the right and the far right which
in this case was not good let's see they may
coincide in ideology I don't know but
let's go that the objective was another, I mean
how do I tell you the reason was another it's that well
anyway Well  a classic Yes the
classic start mantra Because also
Precisely in the case of Rocío
Carrasco I don't know if you have noticed yes it is
true that there is a lot of
ideological issue the Rocío case is right-wing eh I
mean to support her you have to be
hyperpodemite Yes but she Let's go I think she didn't
know who Podemos was
until she sat down to tell her truth
to stay alive But one thing happens with
the story of Rocío Carrasco and let's see if it
is true that everyone who supports
Rocio Carrasco has to be a poet or
her friend there is no more or that or that they live off
the television factory and play the role that
if not they do not support her But there are people on the
left who also do not bring Rocío
Carrasco and the vast
majority do not believe it either it is true what you say
but it is true that the vast
majority of those who support her those who
follow her are or what you have said
Podemos friends or people on the left in
general it is like that I mean that is what I have
seen both with my friends and on networks
as in politics as in but if
we remember that Pedro Sánchez the  She called and
she confirmed it on TV days, well,
more example than that, I don't know what we want And
surely at home she'll probably put it
down, this
useless guy we have
here as president, won't even vote for him, and this
is already a prejudice And this is an opinion and
a speculation for me, for example,
Fidel beats me so much from Boxing that outside of
always boxing, like, I want to tell you, it's like, yes, yes, yes, yes,
totally,
why not because no, yes, he beats me a
lot,
but well, you know, I see them as being very
PP, I see them as being very Pepe, both of them, no, no, it wouldn't be, I don't
know, I don't know Ah, Rocío, yes, yes, Well, I do
n't know
what, but the subject is being presented
as if it were an ideological boycott of
the program by the people because the
theme is March 8th. No, honey. Excuse me,
honey, but my honey, Carrasco, it's that she's
a liar and that you were even going to bring in
a woman to represent
abused women or
working women, choose whoever you want to see
abused women because supposedly,
working women, it's not like that anymore, no, not on March 8th.
Supposedly it's no longer the way it's not because of
that
choose one of the two abused, I mean,
comes to represent
abused women or the workers Which one
represents better neither of the two
who get paid easily not the one where women
no longer cry
the one who bills sits on a set and makes it
easy Ricky Tree Ricky Well but as
easy as billed cri cri Well
now she can live a
quiet season to stay alive, I mean,
good Let's go, good I think that with what she
has billed I would live a
lifetime eh What happens is that of course not at her
level no longer and where they live that I am that to
maintain it also remember that
Valdelagua is like what we
all call the Bunker Urbanization because
absolutely everything, everything that I think I
put the example here if a tree falls
it is paid between the neighbors, I mean everything,
all the interior roads if they are
damaged the neighbors I mean it has a
high monthly maintenance and I published
can you rescue that article because the
truth is that I think it was the most read I
published I don't know if a year ago, a year and
a half when I was there that they had a
pending levy let's see Put
Fidel alvia  Rocio Carrasco Valdelagua
spills the reason marinas
El Fuerte
is that one if it's signed by me yes
what date is it from the
25th from the 4th to the 21st just damn just just there's
another one let's see that one I think no no that one
but it's been two years not one
that cover photo with what I am about
taking care of the photos they had a spill
but like them other
neighbors it's worth a lawsuit and a
lawsuit God these people are already used
to the lawsuits a strong spill
that they hadn't paid Of course, of course I do
n't know how the situation is now I feel like going
back and I'll tell you how we're
not going to see it on
television well we'll have to
tell you here but but yes yes I mean that
organization I'm telling you is worth
visiting The problem is that if I went
there I can't record inside it's strong of
course I can't record neither the field nor
the golf course nor I can't it's that I can't
the other day I found out that there in
Seville there's also one like that a
neighborhood like that I do
n't know if the name but they told me
the other day it's like over there by the
syrup and so on  Ah well of course it's the same, or
maybe it's totally private,
if someone wants to enter they have to
call you first to enter and the same, the
same,
I didn't know it, do you
think I read you, one day they will
allow me that to be my next
move? I hope so,
I hope it's complicated but I hope so, I
also tell you it's
not a coincidence, obviously when
they moved there it was totally
premeditated Kiko Hernández also lived
in that Urbanization
Inma, there Inma I know her, I'm from the
left, if I don't believe Rocío, I mean,
from the networks it's not right-wing, it's having
common sense and as I know a lot of people
are completely right, but it is
true that it coincides that the majority, the majority,
not everyone, I
mean, you don't know, not everyone on the
left, not everyone on the
left supports Rocío
Carrasco, but everyone who supports
Rocío Carrasco is a Podemos member. If not, there's no
way you would believe it. Well, I have
n't seen anyone on the right support
Rocío Carrasco, not even
the poets themselves believe it, I
mean, not even those who believe it, it's
because they have the
job there, yeah  They don't support her, they go
abroad or because they are her friends and that's it,
but there is no brain that believes it. Well, there
are brains that believe it, but of
course you, I often freak out on
Twitter, aunt. I freak out. But well, let's
finish this, but many professionals
inside and outside of Spanish radio and television,
apart from other
experts in these matters, have complained
about its content, referring to it
as a Rosa speech and not one of debate and
knowledge, others have also
wondered why it was not an
in-house production.
The question is very clear and very
simple. What can you tell us about this
matter and what is your opinion on the
result of said program? Thank you
very much, thank you very much, Pao. Thank you, Pau,
Pau. Well, I'm as if it were mine here. Hey,
but I have a question. But why are you
making this approach a month and a half
after the program? I don't understand why
the workers continue to present
complaints because there are no answers.
Yes, yes, but it's that already, but
issues are usually dealt with when they make this type
of consensus in meetings, there were
issues of how current, I don't know, a
month and a half later, how no, it doesn't seem
right to me. It seems good, but it surprises me.
It's that  remember that the girl,
this lady Elena Sanchez, gave a long time but she didn't
want to give a long time, now she knew how to get out
and now the answer is this to
this lady that already x even from her
party, well that Elena Sanchez
has some kind of connection or I don't know what
that rope is, okay,
the answer that our Paola puts it to me here
to the programming that we had broadcast I
regret to tell you that I did not see the program The one that
you
stop please I
mean please but for or I mean
this is already I laugh in your face I mean
please let's
see you are representing an
institution
man but don't say it I mean it seems
normal to me that you did not see it but you
are receiving an avalanche of complaints
from both the deputies and the
workers only you know how to answer
yes yes they are arriving to me by letter But
well you send it to me because if I can I
will answer you you know what happens and she
tells you that she has not said it is that since
these people have a fixed salary, let's see, I
have many friends who are permanent in
Spanish television and the truth is that
young people who have a different
fighting spirit but these people who have been there all their
lives, the majority take the  life for
a laziness that since she has the
time left assured, she doesn't
even bother to fight or or It's not that you're not
going to see me that I continue talking to this
lady because it's that
her reaction is not going to surprise me, let's go, it's with the
lukewarm tail, with the calm
you're going to flip out her argument because she didn't
even bother the program
some colleagues what did you think of the
program is called days of television but I haven't
seen it If you want I intend to see it I
intend to see it Okay,
my personal assessment of the
content of that program hosted by
a colleague of great
professionalism, which means my confidence
in the end, as in the program so we do
n't doubt the professionalism of
Julio de Otero during all these years
and her career But that is the expensive part
because it is a program in the end of
external production how expensive it has been for
them, I don't remember now that it
is published in several places,
obviously how expensive it has been for them,
Julia Otero and they had some objectives which
was to reach audiences that have not
reached how much was to see here was yes it
is true that it started as very strong,
of course, the expectation, of course, and it has
gone terribly but apart from that, as well  you're
saying I don't know if it's written here or
maybe this guy said it but I do
n't want to go on about this anymore
because it's like I'm telling you in fact the thing about
Spanish television, this is worth a
whole live show eh I mean it
has something to it because there are
Spanish television programs that are costing Look here
this lady tells you with the budgets
how is this public money So
this is due to a lot of explanations you can't
throw money away on this my
opinion eh here what I see on
Spanish television is another Chiringuito
like that Look at the 1 o'clock hour who do they
invite here associations that are
linked to the government and that receive
subsidies Of course but because Of course
but of course but because there will be the
socialist party in power if in December
when they go out to see for for for for
each program it's worth 60,000 euros a
program that has a
residual audience not the next Canal Sur has a
higher audience But look look look
85 in-house workers and 15
production employees this is
where the problems come in I know
because my colleagues have also
worked on that program they are always
treated and this happens in all the programs
that are  of own production So the
external you know that it is outsourced
then it happens that there are always
first and second class workers and then there are
problems because those in house
complain about Why Because of course everything that
is information this is a magazine
but everything that is information events
politics and such can only be done in
house but when they enter the line
that separates Like for example in programs like
the hour
magazine not magazine you hire an
external the people of the house complain
because it is like they have taken some you have
there your place your studies your scholarship your
master's in Spanish television and
people from outside arrive you are giving them a way it is
so worse for those in house there
are always problems and with the Rocío
Carrasco specifically I know that there have been
complaints there Of course there have been how can there not
be complains the weirdos that we go
is that
well Julia Otero's program through the
back door they have eliminated it okay
Remember that the Juan
Antonio Juan Antonio were published Thank you very much
for having given a friend a member A
huge kiss the entire July program
or in other words taking your side out the
back door also  They haven't even given many
explanations But you know what it is you
know what it is that Spanish television claimed
that the Spanish television programs
that are mostly paid for
with public money and financed by
public money for us
that it's not all about making them
profitable audiences and so on that it's
about the programs doing
good social work it's true it's true I mean
on Spanish television they nominate both
the audience and private television channels
that's true I mean to me that's true
But there
also has to be a minimum I mean you're not going to
keep a program that costs you
60,000 euros per program making a 4 I
mean and in fact How much does
Toñi Moreno's program make I also don't know how much it's
making I think no no very good data
is that I also tell you about television
Javi we already know that now with the
pay platforms with everything well
obviously the audiences have
decreased but doing social work
But I don't know to what extent we are
doing good social work with that
specific program with that
specific testimony I don't think on the
contrary we are deceiving the
viewer into believing we are doing social work
Yes
By the way How will it be  the
yamaguchi productions society you could look it up
in the report that you have free access to
I look at it sometimes if there are movements you
can look at it eh you can public
let's call Gucci yamaguchi productions
sl now from the people What are you doing
investigating and it's public besides no
what do you want to look at no no gosh I'm
going to go for the computer it's that I can't
see the chat Well it does
n't matter I don't think I have because I don't have to
create a lot a lot of movement no You
think so I don't know it's that
the alert pops up
sometimes it tells me there have been movements in I do
n't know what I don't know but of course you have to pay
and I'm not going to pay 30 euros I'm not
that interested you know but but anyway
well listen to me we look at it we
look at it maybe it's interesting
Maybe people to see family you're interested in us
looking at it to be a member come on
suddenly
There's some income you say but well an
income but let's see I don't know I don't know you
understood me Like for example Exactly I could
n't I could charge through
that society Yes that society is all
the house The show  That's why I'm telling you that it's
all there, I didn't
know how much back then
but I think it's 20 euros you have to pay
or 30 okay but but that information is
private it's
public Yes I take out a thousand times when I
worked in Spanish we had the
flat rate and we took out the accounts of
the famous of course
and that's why many times I don't know who is in the
red I don't know who such I don't know what those will
be the topics that worked the most
Javi we have a gold mine What people say members I don't
know but let's become a
member it's only worth a euro the one who does
n't become a member because they're not interested in
this information but well you guys you'll
see it I'm a member watch it let's see I'll look at it
hoop so you're a member
welcome
twice but I'm going to comment on it with you
too because the Gloria Camila anime
as it's been happening Hey but Hey Javi
but if you haven't put the last thing that
the lady from Spanish television said
no no it doesn't
matter I've already cut the topic Oh
okay it lasts four minutes yeah of
course I've cut it
the intrigue let's see I'll tell you what the
lady said was
apples I bring now we'll call him you
know this one that you know this one  that they
call you at 4 in the afternoon and I can't take it
anymore
Endesa and you say please can you delete
my [ __ ] number look you know what I bought
one of those retro
brand landlines without a ring ring ring to decorate the
living room just for decoration okay but of course I put it
on the line and I didn't give that landline
to anyone Only to my parents I mean for
emergencies Imagine if I don't pick up the cell phone I
don't pick up we're asleep but only just
the phone Only they have it and if
the phone rings well we'll know that it
's an emergency because only
they have it at 4 in the afternoon they start
calling
who or companies of these that are
lies to sell me I don't know that I don't know
how much I please can you not call me
okay okay And I was already calling myself Of course if it's
a number that I haven't given to anyone what is it that they do they make them
up they
come out at random they steal it from somewhere I just
don't understand it neither do I What
things happen to you Javi
[Music]